Feature/filter navigator improvements (#410)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| `initiallyCollapsed`     | `Boolean` | Makes the search filters start out collapsed (`true`) or open (`false`).                                                                                                                                                                                          | `false`       |
| `filtersTitleHtmlTag`    | `string`  | HTML tag for the filter's title.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `h5`          |
| `scrollToTop`            | `enum`    | Scrolls the page to the top (`auto` or `smooth`) or not (`none`) when selecting a facet.                                                                                                                                                                          | `none`        |

> | `fullWidthOnMobile`      | `Boolean` | Defines if the `filter-navigator` will occupy the entire length of the window on mobile (`true`) or not (`false`)                                                                                                                                                 | `false`       |
> | `navigationTypeOnMobile` | `Enum`    | Defines the navigation method on Mobile. `page` or `collapsible`                                                                                                                                                                                                  | `page`        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `fullWidthOnMobile`      | `boolean` | Whether the `filter-navigator.v3` will be rendered on mobile using the screen full width (`true`) or not (`false`).  | `false`       |
| `navigationTypeOnMobile` | `enum` | Defines how mobile users should navigate on the filter selector component. Possible values are: `page` or `collapsible`. | `page`        |
```

Reviewer: It would be nice to add what `page` and `collapsible` mean in practice.

Author: Done! What do you think?

| `closeOnOutsideClick` | `boolean` | Whether the Filter Navigator component should be closed when users click outside of it (`true`) or not (`false`). Caution: This prop only works when the `openFiltersMode` prop is set as `one`.  | `false` |
| `appliedFiltersOverview` | `Enum` | Whether an overview of the applied filters should be displayed (`"show"`) or not (`"hide"`). | `"hide` |
| `totalProductsOnMobile` | `enum` | Whether the Filter Navigator should display the total number of products on mobile devices  (`show`) or not (`hide`). | `hide` |
| `fullWidthOnMobile`      | `boolean` | Whether the `filter-navigator.v3` will be rendered on mobile using the screen full width (`true`) or not (`false`).                                                                                                                                               | `false`       |

> | `navigationTypeOnMobile` | `Enum`    | Defines how mobile users should navigate on the filter selector component. Possible values are: `page` (only one list of options can be seen at a time) or `collapsible` (all lists of options can be seen at the same time ).                                    | `page`        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `navigationTypeOnMobile` | `Enum`    | Defines how mobile users should navigate on the filter selector component. Possible values are: `page` (only one list of options can be seen at a time) or `collapsible` (all lists of options can be seen at the same time).                                    | `page`        |
```
